Add vote section in reward proposal (#28587)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/proposals/partitioned-inflationary-rewards-distribution.md

expect the rewards to be credit as some time point during the 'rewarding
interval'.

2. voting during `reward interval`

During reward interval, vote transactions must be processed normally for
achieving consensus and making progress for rooted blocks. However, those vote
transactions may potentially change the vote accounts balance (i.e. pay for the

> voting transaction fee if vote_account and vote transaction fee paying accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
voting transaction fee if vote_account and block reward recipient accounts
```

are the same), before the epoch rewards are paid. When the epoch rewards are

> paid, those transaction fees will be wiped out. To prevent this, we will force
> the vote_account and vote_transaction fee paying account must be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
paid, those block rewards will be wiped out by the stale cached value. To
prevent this, we will enforce that the vote_account and authorized_voter
authority must be different.
```
